
Beppiland's rules 4.1 (for season 5)
(it replaces the precedent rules)

MODIFY FROM LAST VERSION IN CAPITAL LETTERS


First of all sorry for my bad English, I did the best I could!

- Beppiland:
Beppiland is a small country somewhere in Europe. I don't know exactly where it 
is, I don't know what kind of republic or monarchy it has, I don't know how many 
people live there, what language, what kind of economy, what kind of culture do 
they have, in other words, I don't know absolutely nothing. Just one thing: in 
Beppiland is played a very interesting football tournament.

- About the rules:
This Play-By-Mail football simulation is based on a variation of the rules imported 
for the first time in Italy by Massimo Monciardini. These rules have been changed 
and made better (I hope) by the work of Massimo and many other electronic-mail 
users (among them Mario Pacchiarotti, Mauro Puleo, Marco Fachini, Marco Croci, 
Andrea Tagliavento, Fabio Bigaglia, just to say some of them) during almost 2 
years. This is a further variation of those rules.
The rules Massimo brought were similar to those written by Martin Burroughs, a 
real good work, far from, but still based on the initial United rules, written by Alan 
Parr. In Italy this is the third tournament ever, and the first that uses also 
traditional mail.

-  Overview:
This is a Play-By-Mail (PBM) football game. Each player takes the role of a 
football team manager, and has total control over coaching, team selection, 
buying/selling players and finances.
>From here on, the term president will refer to you, the reader, and the term player 
will refer to a member of your team.
The season is divided in 11 sessions, each of them a group of (generally) 2, 3 or 4 
matches; rarely 5. When a match is played, each of the two teams generate a 
number of shots depending on the disposition and the strength of the players. 
Some of the shots can become goals.

The rules will be divided in two parts: in the first the rules are written in a very bare 
style, enough to play. In the second rules all the details are explained.

This part of the rules is now common to the short and the complete rules:

- Rules:

	  The league:
The Beppiland league is divided in 4 different competitions:
 - The CHAMPIONSHIP is an all-against-all (italian) tournament. It is divided in 3 
divisions:A division (the best), B division e C division. At the end of the season the 
A div. winner will be the Beppiland champion and the last 3 teams will move 
backwards in B; first 3 teams of B div. will be promoted in A, while last 3 teams will 
move backwards in C; first 3 teams of C div. will be promoted in B..
- The BEPPILAND CUP is a tournament played by elimination among all the 
teams.
- The LEAGUE CUP is a division/knock-out tournament played by all the teams.
- The JUNIORES CUP is a division/knock-out tournament played by only young 
players.
For more details look in the "structure of the league" paragraph.

The game is divided in sessions, each of them representing about a month of life, 
and including generally 2, 3 or 4 matches, 5 rarely.
In each session each president must do these things:
-  Train on skill and/or fitness his players.
-  Make the team selections for the next matches.
-  If necessary sell or buy players at the auction.
-  If necessary work at club's economy, bet, and do all other small things.

-  Players:
A player is composed by:
- A name.
- A specialist position (or simply position). The position may be Po (goalkeeper), Li 
(sweeper, always separated by defence), Di (defender), Ce (middlefield) or At 
(Forward). A player may also play out of position, or have more than one position 
in which he's able to play well.
- A skill (Ab), represented by a number, not less than 2 (generally a good player 
stands between 8 and 14). Players with a skill of less than 2 must retire instantly, 
leaving the league never to return. Players may be trained to become more skilful, 
but lose skill on ageing.
- A fitness modifier (Fo), represented by another number to be added to Ab. It has 
a maximum of +2 and when a player has Fo less or equal to -3 is considered 
injured and cannot play. Fitness is affected by fatigue, by resting, by coaching and 
by injuries.
- An age (Et`). Adult players have an age rapresented by a roman number, starting 
from "I" on, generally never more than "VI". Young players are aged: Apprentice 
(Juniores), age "J", and School boys (Primavera), age "P". "J"s are one year 
younger than "I"s, and "P"s are one year younger than "J"s. (So it is:  P, J, I, II, III, 
IV, V...)
- A preferred side (Lato) where to play. Players marked "S" play better on the left, 
players marked "D" play better on the right. Some players may be marked "S+D".

Here's an example of some possible players:
Name             Age  Ab+Fo  Position.Side
Brontolo           IV     11+1    Li/At.S
Nonnapapera    II       6-2     Ce.S+D
Filippo              J       5+2     At.D

3  Clubs (societies):
A club has:
-  A number of players (some are soccer players and some are backroom boys).
-  Money, expressed in theorical "M". The maximum debt is -1000 M.
-  PA (Training Points) given by the master.
-  PGP (Great Performance Points).
-  A STADIUM dimension.

3  Starting teams:
If a team has to be created (i.e. if the game needs more clubs at the beginning of 
a season, otherwise new presidents will take place and teams of tired presidents) it 
has to be done with these rules:
70 total skill (Ab) levels for 9 or more adult players divided in this way:
34 for players aged I, 12 for players aged II, 12 for players aged III, 12 for players 
aged IV.
Each player with a maximum of 12 and a minimum of 2 skill levels.
3 "J"uniores with skill 5 and fitness +2.
3 "J"uniores with skill 3 and fitness +2.
6 "P"rimavera with skill 2 and fitness +2.
1 backroom boy (physio or coach).
Players may be "S" or "D", and two of them (even Primavera players) may be 
"S+D". Goalkeepers don't need "S"or "D" and sweepers use "S" or "D" only when 
playing Out Of Position.

3  Coaching:
Players can be trained on skill and on fitness.
-  Coaching on fitness isn't very worthy. The more  the player is old, the more it 
costs. Precisely, training one young player costs 1 PA, while one adult player costs 
his age (for example a player aged III can be trained on fitness paying 3 PAs). A 
player cannot reach more than +2 of fitness.
-  Only adult players can be trained on skill (youngs grow with experience). The 
cost is equal to the skill you want to reach (for example 10 to train a player with 
skill 9 to reach 10). A player aged I can be trained on skill 5 times in the season, 
while other adult players can be trained only 3 times.
It's possible to train one player one single time each session, but it's possible to 
train him both on skill, both on fitness. Every training makes skill or fitness grow 
one point. Training and resting points on fitness may be added.

3  Team's extra points and tactics:
When you have put the players in the right line-ups, you must (or may) add some 
more points to your team, and decide the tactics (watch later on for the tactitian).
-  FC (Fattore Campo = Home Advantage) lets the manager add a total of 7 more 
points to the three areas (Di, Ce, At) of the team if the teams plays at home.
-  D (Durezza = Hardness) gives you from 0 to 10 points to be added on the five 
areas (Po, Li, Di, Ce, At). The more the team plays hard, the higher is the risk to 
have booked or sent off players or for the opposing team to get a penalty.
-  PGP (Punti Grande Prestazione = Great Performance Points): PGPs represent 
the extra energy that the team may have in some important matches. A club has 
30 PGP each season (they are not transferred from one season to the other). A 
president may add a total of 0 to 10 points distributed to any of the five areas (Po, 
Li, Di, Ce, At) for each match.
-  CAT (Catenaccio = Play for a deuce): One of the tactic expedients that may be 
played is Catenaccio. If a team plays it, it has 7 points that may be put on Li, Di 
and Ce; playing CAT halves the global number of shots of the team that plays it.
-  TFG (Trappola del Fuori Gioco = Off Side Trap): This very important tactic 
expedient doesn't add any point to the team, it just halves the number of shots 
made by the opposing At, and doubles the number of shots made by the opposing 
Ce. It can be played only if a sweeper (Li) is not playing.

On the Po and the Li may be used not more than 5 total extra points.

NB: All the above affect AREA TOTALS, not indivdual player levels.
NB: The Li is always considered separated by the Di!

-  Short rules:

-  How a match is played:
When two teams meet in a match, each one gets a number of shots, that may 
score or not, depending on randomness and skill of the opposing Li and Po.

-  Youngs' growth by experience:
Primavera and Juniores players may only play respectively 1 and 2 matches each 
session, but they accumulate experience points and have their skill grow.

-  Tired players, rest and F injured players:
Adult players get tired after 3 matches and lose one fitness point. They can gain 
one fitness point by resting one session and lose some fitness points unfortunately 
getting injured during the matches.

-  Team selection:
A line-up is a set of 11 players. One Po must be always present, one Li may be 
present. All other areas must have not less than 2 players, and areas scouldn't be 
very unbalanced.

-  D Discipline points (PD):
Each player can get some discipline points during the matches and these may 
bring him to be disqualified for some future matches.

-  Playing out of position (OOP):
An adult player may play in a different position that the normal one, but he will 
play worse. Goalkeepers (Po) may not play O.O.P., and other players may not 
play as a Po. After 6 matches played in a different position a player will become 
acclimatized and will be able to play in both positions as well.

-  EF The (S+D) rule:
Each player has a preferred side of the pitch where to play (S = Left, D = Right). 
The president doesn't have to specify for each player where to play, they will 
autonomously distribute the best they can, but unbalanced line-ups are weaker 
than balanced ones.

-  Backroom boys:
Each squad has a group of men that actually don't play, but work for the club. 
These may be bought, or may be obtained by pensioning old players off; new 
teams begin with one. All backroom boys leave the activity at the end of the 
second season (even if they started to work at half season). Each time a backroom 
boy is created or bought all other presidents are informed.
-  Allenatore (Coach, trainer): he lets you train your players on skill (Ab) spending 
less PAs. Having two of them is unuseful.
-  Massaggiatore (Physio): he makes injuries less hard. Having two of them is 
unuseful.
-  Scout: he may be sent by the president to spy other matches. A president may 
have how many scouts he wants.
-  Tattico (Tactitian):  a tactitian may help the team to play better with a particular 
tactic. A team may not have more than one tactitian. Please read later on for 
details.

-  Pensioning:
Any old player may become Allenatore, Massaggiatore or Scout at any point of the 
season. But to become a tactitian a player must be a... really strong old player!

-  Money, salaries, auctions and so on:
Each club may sell or buy players at the auction. If the president doesn't want to 
sell a strong player to other clubs he may sell him to the extern league, at the non-
league value, that buys anything. Every player has a salary, and every match 
brings to the society some money, besides prizes for a good season. The club's 
economy may reach -1000M; when a president has a loan (capital below zero) 
must pay also a 10% interests to the Bank each session.

-  Building a bigger stadium:
A bigger stadium brings to the club more money and more home advantage. 
Please read later on for details.

-  Own-goals:
Own-goals are caused by young teams. Expert players have less chance of 
producing an own-goal.

-  Weather:
The weather conditions may influence how a team plays, or even make the referee 
suspend the match.

-  Referee bribing:
Each team may buy the referee for the next match, but this will cost a lot of 
money. With 1000M a president may ask a referee to do what is possible to have 
the match won, with 500M to try to have a penalty. A club can be discovered and 
this is not very healthy!

These rules are enough to play, but a read of the complete rules is necessary to 
play well!!!

-  Complete rules:

-  How a match is played:
When two teams meet in a match, each one gets a number of shots, calculated in 
this way: if the total value of the At area of the team A (we'll say At.A) is > than the 
total value of the Di area of the team B (Di.B), then team A will get (At.A - Di.B) 
shots; plus, if Ce.A is > than Ce.B than (Ce.A - Ce.B)/2; plus, if Di.A > At.B than 
(Di.A - At.B)/5,  /3 if a Li is present in team A.
In this way each team will have a number of shots. Each shot is considered and 
calculated in this way:
Each shot has a 30% chance of being out of target. The chance grows to 50% if 
the team has already scored 3 or 4 goals, and grows to 70% if the team has 
already scored 5 or more goals.
Shots must pass the opposing sweeper (Li) if present. For each shot the chance to 
be blocked by the sweeper is (25 + Li*2)% [where Li is the level of the Li area].
If a shot is in target and has passed the sweeper, the chance that the goalkeeper 
saves the goal is (35 + Po*2.25)% [where Po is the level of the Po area].
Just for adding colour, for each out of target shot there's a 5% chance that hits a 
pole (palo).

-  Youngs' growth by experience:
Young players (those that are aged J or P) cannot be trained on skill: they just 
grow with experience.
-  "P"rimavera gain one skill point each three (3) played matches, but they can 
play just one (1) match each session. Played matches will be accumulated at the 
end of the season for Juniores (i.e. if the player didn't reach the 3 matches to grow 
one point at the end of the season, he'll become Juniores and keep the played 
matches as experience points). 
-  "J"uniores gain one skill point each four (4) played matches. They are fragile and 
cannot play more than two (2) matches each session.

-  Primavera discovering:
6 Primavera players can be discovered in any one year, simply by telling the GM 
their position, preferred side and name.
(NO LIMITATION AT THE SCHOOLBOYS SIDE, YOU CAN DISCOVER .D OR .S AS YOU PREFER)
If the president fails to discover his quota of 6 Primavera players in a season,
he may still discover the remainder the next year, although they will have aged
to become level 2 Juniores, of course.
The goalkeeper doesn't have any preferred side, while the sweeper feels it only 
when playing Out Of Position.

-  Tired players, rest and X injured players:
-  A player that plays too many matches feels tired. If he plays 3 matches in a 
session (4 if he's a goalkeeper) loses a fitness point; so, even inside one single 
session after the 3 matches (4 if he's a goalkeeper) the successive matches in the 
session will be played with 1 fitness point less (if possible).
-  A player that doesn't play any match in a session rests and gains one free fitness 
point (unless he's already at the maximum +2).
-  Injuries are just a loss of fitness and depend on the hardness that the opposing 
team uses. If a player is injured, he will play normally the successive matches in 
the session: the effects of the injury will be considered at the end of the session. If 
a player gets more than one injury in one session, the loss of fitness considered 
after the session will be calculated considering only the worst injury.

-  Training points:
This is the critierion by witch the PA points are assigned by the master at the 
beginning of each session:
-  1 PA for each adult player with Fo = 0 or more, with a maximum of 15.
-  10 PAs for each victory (none for a victory in the juniores cup).
-  5 PAs for each deuce (none for a deuce in the juniores cup).
- 5 free PAs for all new clubs.
Not more than 15 PAs may be transferred from a session or a season to the 
successive. The PAs (as PGPs and all other points) cannot be sold.

-  Team selection:
A team (line-up) is a set of 11 players. The total value of the team is given by the 
sum of skills and fitnesses of all the 11 players, plus some extra points.
There are some limitations on the distributions of the players:
-  There must be one single goalkeeper. There may be only one sweeper.
-  There must not be less than  two players for each playing area (Di, Ce, At).
-  Each area total may not be more than 3 times one of the other area totals (this, 
the so called "3X rule" has to be calculated only to the three active areas (Di, Ce, 
At) after every added point, injured or sent out player). If this rule fails, the strong 
areas just lose the necessary points to become 3 times the weak one.
NB: The Li is always considered separated by the Di!

-  Sparring partners:
Only if strictly necessary each squad has an indefinite number of Sparring 
partners; a Sparring partner is a level 0 player that may eventually fill holes in the 
teams. Some times it may happen that squads with many injuries don't have 
enough players to fill the number of teams asked to play: to reach 11 players a 
manager may use a S.P., but this is the only condition by which a S.P. is tolerated. 
The S.P. doesn't have any salary, cannot be trained, is not considered counting 
the PA total, and so on: he's a real ghost.

-  Hardness:
These are the effects of playing hard:
- For each player of the team there is a chance to get a yellow card (Amm.), 
receiving 4 PD (Discipline Points), of 1.5 * (3+D)%, and there is a chance to get a 
red card (Esp.), receiving 10 PD, of 0.33 * (3+D)% [where D is the total hardness 
of the team. It doesn't metter which area uses it]. The sent off player will have his 
total value halved for that match.
-  There is a 10% chance for each D point of giving a penalty to the opposing 
team. Each 10% is considered separately. If the total D of the team is 0, there is 
still a 5% chance of giving a penalty. The chance that a penalty scores is:
40 + (3*Ab) - (Po) %
[Where Ab is the total level of the player that shoots and Po is the total level of the 
goalkeeper] till a maximum of 95%.
In the case of matches decided by penalties the probability is (the same) - 20%.
The player that has to score the penalty is choosen automatically as the best of 
the team (after injuries and red cards).
-  The goalkeeper is treated separately by the rest of the team. The chance that 
he'll get a yellow or red card doesn't depend on  the total hardness, but just on that 
used on the goalkeeper himself.
-  An important consequence of hard play is that the opposing players can be 
injured. For each player the probability of getting injured is (5 + D)% [where D is 
the total opposing hardness], halved if he's a goalkeeper. The risk of the injury is 
given by the table:
%Probability   Fitness loss   Level in the match
      1-15                   0                        3/4
     16-30                  0                        1/2
     31-45                  1                        1/2
     46-60                  2                        1/2
     61-70                  3                        1/2
     71-80                  4                        1/2
     81-90                  5                        1/2
    91-100                 6                        1/2
The presence of a physio (Mass) in the squad lets the injury be less hard of one 
line in this table.

- Discipline points (PD):
At the end of each session all PDs of all players are calculated. Each time a player 
reaches 10 or multiples of 10 PDs he is disqualified for the first (PD / 10) matches 
for the successive session. PDs are the same for the cups and the championship. 
(i.e. a player gets a red card and a yellow card in the first session (14 PDs). In the 
second session must jump the first match, then gets one yellow card. In the third 
session he has 18 PDs and may play, but gets another yellow card. For the 4th 
session he has 22 PDs and must jump the first two matches).

-  Playing out of position (OOP):
A player may play in a different position that the normal one, but he will play 
worse.
-  Goalkeepers may not play OOP, and no other player may play as a goalkeeper.
-  Other players may play OOP with 3 points less than the normal value. .
-  If a player plays in a season 6 matches in a different position, he will become 
acclimatized in the new position and in the future (and even in the next matches 
inside a session) he'll be able to play there without any penalty. He will have 
become a double position player (i.e. if a Ce player plays 6 matches as a 
defender, he becomes a Di/Ce player that may play in both positions).
-  Young players may play OOP, but the matches won't be considered for 
experience growth nor for the double position count.

- The (S+D) rule:
All players have a preferred side of the pitch where to play. "S" players play 
preferably on the left, "D" players play preferably on the right, "S+D" players may 
play anywhere. An area toal (Di, Ce or At. Li and Po are not considered) made by 
"n" players must have n/2 "S" players  and n/2 "D" players (i.e. if Di is composed 
by 3 players, the perfect organization has 2 "D" players + 1 "S" player or 1 "D" 
player + 2 "S" players, while if there are 4 players we should have exactly 2D+2S). 
Each player that plays on a side of the pitch that doesn't like has a 3 points 
penalty. Actually is not known which player plays out of side, and the penalty 
points are given to the area (i.e. if we have 4 players in the Di area, but divided as 
3D+1S, this means that one "D" player is actually playing on the left, and the Di 
area total will have a 3 points penalty). There is no acclimatization for players that 
play in a different side of the pitch. Besides, it's not even specified which players 
play out of side.
NB: The Li and the Po are not affected by this rule, but if the Li plays OOP his 
preferred side is considered.

-  Backroom boys:
Each squad has a group of men that actually don't play, but work for the club. 
These may be bought, or may be obtained by pensioning old players off, you begin 
with one. Each time a backroom boy is created or bought all other presidents are 
informed. Backroom boys last for the remainder of the season in which the 
president converts or buys them, plus the whole of the next season.
- Allenatore (Coach, trainer): he lets the presidents train their players on skill (Ab) 
spending 1 PA less. (i.e. training a player from skill 10 to 11 will cost 10 PAs with 
the coach, 11 without). Having two of them is unuseful.
-  Massaggiatore (Physio): he makes injuries less hard of one line in the injury 
table, making completely go away the injuries of the first line. Having two of them 
is unuseful.
-  Scout: he may be sent by the president to spy other matches. He will report him 
the area totals (after injuries, players sent off and rain) of the teams playing. A 
president may have how many scouts he wants.
-  Tattico (Tactitian) (MODIFIED):  a tactitian may help the team play better with a particular 
tactic. A tactic is now intended to be a union of: number of players per area, 
presence of the sweeper, CAT or TFG (i.e. "3-2-5 Li", "4-4-2 Li CAT" or "3-4-3 
TFG" are all tactics). If the president plays his tactitian's tactic in a match he may 
use 5 points to be distributed on Li, Di, Ce and At. A club may not have more than 
one tactitian. Remember that not more than 5 points total may be put on the Li.
Tattician can change his module during season. it's permitted 1 only
module change, and tattician cannot be used for 1 session during his
improve. Every manager will know any changes.



- Pensioning:
Any player aged V or more may become Allenatore, Massaggiatore or Scout at 
any point of the season. To become a tactitian a player must be aged V or more, 
and: have skill 5 or more, or be a double position player, or be a special player. 
When a player is pensioned off, he becomes a backroom boy aged I. Backroom 
boys stop their work after being aged II.

-  ,,  Money, salaries, auctions and so on:
-  Any club may reach a maximum debt of -1000M .
-  Provents of matches are: LOOK TO SEASON PRESENTATION. The stadium 
dimension may influence these values.
-  All players want a salary, to be calculated with this formula: (StartAb / 5) + 4 M. 
Where StartAb is the skill of the player before any training on skill and the division 
sign rounded downwords. This salary is automatically payed each session. 
Primavera players don't ask any salary, Juniores all ask 1M, Allenatore, 
Massaggiatore and Scout ask 2M. A Tactitian asks 5M. So, bad adult players take 
generally 4M, great champions take 6M.
-  Each session, but the last three, presidents may purchase players at the auction. 
Each player has a minimum value calculated as: (6 - Age) * (Ab - 1) * 10 M + (10 
M * PP), where PP are the number of played match after the qualification if the 
player is young, that is the value payed by the extern league (non-league value). 
The auctioneer for each player in the auction looks for the best bid and sells the 
player to the president that made that bid for a cost of 10M more than the second 
bid, even if this cost would be higher than his own bid. This simulates a real 
auction, and the bid is actually the highest bid that the club is ready to make. If 
there are more than one best bids, the first arrived will win. If no bids are present 
for a player, he will be sold to the extern league for a cost given by the previous 
formula. If a president doesn't have enough money to pay his bid, it will be 
automatically reduced. The presidents may make conditioned bids only on 
preceding players (i.e. "pay 1000 for the 3rd player only if I don't buy the 1st 
player" is accepted, while "pay 1000 for the 1st player only if I don't buy the 3rd" 
doesn't make sense because the players are sold in the same order as they are 
presented in the auction).
-  All the presidents may ask to put players in the auction. During the session in 
which a player is in the auction the president may use him, but must specify to the 
other presidents how many matches he will play. Otherwise, the player will rest 
and, if possible, gain one point fitness.
-  If a president doesn't want for some reason to put one of his players in the 
auction, he may sell him to the extern league for the value specified before.
-  When a club has a loan, must pay 10% interest each session (i.e. when a club 
has -300M pays 30M interest).
-  A  At the end of the season all tournaments (cups and championship) will give 
prizes to the winners. This prizes represent sponsors, TV-rights, gadgets sale, and 
so on:
LOOK TO SEASON PRESENTATION

- Negotiations:
The presidents may exchange any combination of players, money and backroom 
boys, but must say it to the master, that must receive the communication of the 
negotiation from both the presidents. The master may decide to forbid manifestly 
iniquitous exchanges. No exchanges are permitted in the last 3 sessions of the 
season. All exchanges are made at the end of the session (unless the master is 
explicitly informed by both the presidents).

- Building a bigger stadium: (MODIFIED)
A club may build a bigger and nicer stadium, and have more gains and more FC 
(home advantage points). Each "stadium level" costs a particular amount of 
money and, at the end of the season, the stadium loses one level for wear (unless it is at level 0).
At the end of the season, you can make manutention to the stadium, conserving
it at actual state, saving money.

 Each session the president may build only one level.

Level     Public     Gain(M)     FC     Cost(M) Manutention (M)
    0      10000     -           7      -        -
    1      25000     10/5        8      400     200
    2      40000     20/10       9      800     400
    3      55000     30/15      10      1200    600
    4      70000     40/20      11      1600    800
    5      85000     50/25      12      2000    1000

(i.e.: if a club owns the minimum stadium (level 0) and wants to have a level-2 
stadium, must pay 500 for the first session, 1000 for the second, for a total of 
1500. When it has a level-2 stadium it has 9 points FC and gains 20M more for 
each match. The visiting team gains 10M more than the normal gain.) To gain one 
level the president has just to say it to the master. For the next session he will 
have built the stadium and may use the FC points. Even a small club may have 
85000 supporters with a big stadium.

-  May I bet?
The Totocalcio in Beppiland is a particular bet game. In each session each team 
may bet on 4 matches chosen randomly by the GM; each bet (column) costs 5 M, 
and consists in 4 symbols (1 = home win, X = deuce, 2 = away win). Each time a 
club wins the total cash + 30M will be given to him, if nobody wins the money is 
brought to the next session. The maximum number of columns (1 column = 4 
symbols) for each session for each club is 12. Obviously a president could send 
bad teams to try to win totocalcio cheating, but the GM may take disciplinary 
measures against such presidents.

-  Own-goals:
Each opposing shot may be deviated by a Di player, the Li or a Ce player and 
produce an own-goal.
-  The chance that the shot may be touched is equal to the number of the 
defenders, +1 if the sweeper is present, plus the number of the middlefield/2, all 
divided by 10 (for example a 4-2-4 team will have a chance of 5/10 each shot, a 4-
3-3 a chance of 5.5/10).
-  If the shot is touched the chance that the shot is deviated and causes an own-
goal (for which the goalkeeper cannot do anything) is given by:
%Probability             Age of the player
        0.9                      P, J, I
        0.6                       II
        0.3                       III
       0.05                    IV or more
So a more expert line-up will get less own-goals. This is another new rule.

-  T Weather:  R
The weather conditions may influence how a team plays, or even make the referee 
suspend the match. Together with the calendar for the next session there is always 
also the weather forecast, that has a chance to be right or wrong depending on the 
distance of the match. The day may be sunny or rainy. In the first case the 
matches are played as usual. The matches will have the writing "Tempo sereno e 
campo in condizioni perfette". If the weather is rainy, on each match it can be 
cloudy, rainy, pouring or even there's a chance that the match is suspended and 
played in one of the next sessions. The first case is indicated in the match with 
"Tempo minaccioso ma campo in condizioni perfette", the second one with 
"Campo pesante per via di una leggera pioggia", the third one with "Pioggia 
violenta, campo ai limiti della praticabilita", the last one with "Partita sospesa". 
There's always a 60% chance that the day is sunny, a 40% that it is rainy; if the 
weather is rainy, there is a 57.5% that the pitch is perfect, a 25% chance of 
raining, a 12.5% chance of pouring and a 5.0% chance of the match being 
suspended. If the match is suspended all sent off, booked or injuried players will 
be considered as they played an entire match. If the match is played under the 
rain the At of the two teams are reduced to 4/5 the original value (after all 
modifications), otherwise if it's pouring At will be reduced to 2/3 and Ce and Di to 
4/5.

-  PS (Pacche sulle Spalle = Pats on the Back):
PSs are jolly points that a president may receive by the master for a good session, 
or for comments, suggestions, or any other reason. 1 PS can be converted in 1 
PA, or 1 PGP, or 20 M. PSs can even be taken off by the master in some cases.

-  REFEREES (NEWS IN THIS 4TH SEASON)
In Beppiland, as in all other soccer tournaments, there are some referee for matches.
And each referee has a name and feature particulary: the most are normal referee, but 
someone can give more yellow card, or cannot see some penalty, ecc... (bad referee!)
On about 40 referee, only 15-20 have particulary features, they change a bit the 
cards percentages, or penalty percentage.
The list was published on Beppiland Gazette n.21, ask it to master if you want.

-  Referee bribing:
Each club may buy the referee for one of the next matches (not more than one per 
session), but this will cost a lot of money. With 1000M a president may ask a 
referee to do what is possible to have the match won, with 500M a president may 
ask a referee for a penalty, and there's a 50% chance that it will be given (a 
president can't bribe a referee both asking him to win and a penalty, as he can't 
bribe him asking more than one penalty). If both the teams involved spend money 
to buy the referee (even if a team spends 1000 and the other one 500), he will just 
do nothing and all the money will be lost. Every time a president buys a match 
there is a 25% risk that he's discovered: in that case the match is lost and the club 
will have all its PSs reduced to 0, and a 500M tax will be payed (if the club doesn't 
have enough money some players will be sold for the non-league value by the 
master to reach that sum); if the match is a championship match the club will have 
a 5 points penalty, in a cup match the other team will pass the turn. No other 
referees will accept to be bribed by that club for that season. Referees also don't 
accept to be bribed in the last 3 sessions of a season.
The mechanism by which the GM simulates the corrupt referee is: I play the match 
5 times, stopping if the team that payed wins. If the team doesn't ever win, I play 
the match 5 times more, stopping if the team wins or has a deuce. If the team has 
not come yet to any soddisfing result, the 11th match will be definitive (even if a 
loss).

-  Structure of the league:
LOOK TO SEASON PRESENTATION

-  Communication of the teams (line-ups):
The master accepts any reasonably understandable set of commands. The best 
thing to do is, anyway, to use the scheme that each time will be sent to the 
presidents. The scheme will include all players with their present skills and 
fitnesses and all the matches to be played. An "X" at the crossing of a match with 
a player will signify that the player is present in the team of that match in his own 
position. Putting the initial of a position (L, D, C, A) instead of the X will mean that 
the player is playing out of position (or that the player is double-position). It's not 
necessary to write also the area totals, it's sufficient to put the adding points 
specifying in which position they have to be put (unless you want to know exactly 
the total values for yourself or to check the 3X rule). Any error will be corrected by 
the master in a reasonable way.
Example:
                                                 			-1-  -2-  -3-
Babybaby  	Po  		III   9+1         	 x     x     x
Pinozzo      	Li.S+D		II    7+0    	 x     x        < S & D are used on 
the Li only when OOP.
Erbullo        	Li.S  		P   4+2         		  x
Giuanin     	Di.D    		I   10+1  	x     C   C   < this means the 
player plays OOP!
Erfigo      	Di/Ce.S     	II     8-1   	D    D   C    < this is a double 
position player.
... and so on

-  Scorers:
Scorers will be decided, as the minutes of the goals, with a random formula 
considering the best players, the position by witch the shot has made and the 
fitness of the player. A number is assigned to all players and the player with the 
highest number  is the scorer. The number is calculated in this way:
If the player plays in the area that generated the shot:
a random number bewtween 0 and Ab + 3*Fo.
If the player plays in another area:
a random number bewtween 0 and (Ab + 3*Fo)/1.75.
If the player plays is a Po:
a random number bewtween 0 and 3.

-  Friendlies: (MODIFIED)
Friendlies are permitted. Any president may organize friendlies (3 for
season, 1 for session) , and the master 
will play them just by receiving the teams. No money will be obtained by a friendly 
match (unless a tournament is played by asking each club some money as an 
inscription), there will be no FC points and maximum hardness will be 4. Youngs 
will use the matches as experience and adults for their dual qualification.

-  Ending the season:
-  At the end of the season all players are aged one year older. 
-  All adult players have their skill reduced by their new age (i.e. a V 10 player 
becomes a VI 4 player). A player that has his skill reduced to a value less than 2 
retires himself immediately. He can be pensioned to become a backroom boy, but 
before ageing (so he will age immediately and last only one season).
-  Primavera players just become Juniores players, keeping their experience 
points.
-  Juniores players become I-aged players, but they retire if their skill is less than 5 
as a disappointment on their future bad career.
-  I-aged backroom boys become age II, while II-aged retire themselves.
-  The stadium loses one level (unless it's at level 0).
-  For each player the PDs will be rounded to the closest ten, and than lowered by 
20 (not less than 0, of course).
-  Players that didn't reach enough matches OOP will lose their dual-qualification 
points.
-  PGP will be reset to 30 (no PGPs may be transferred).
-  All adult players will have their fitness to 0, all "J"uniores players will have their 
fitness to +2.
-  The 6 "P"rimavera players (skill2, fitness +2, not more than 2 "S") may be 
discovered.

- NMR (No Move Received) and deadlines:
The deadline will be approsimatively put monthly. In the case that a president 
cannot send me in time the commands I will play for him all the matches with the 
best 4-3-3 (with Li and no CAT) possible, no Hardness and no PGPs or Tactitians, 
no bids in the auctions, FC points on Di, coaching only on fitness (and PAs 
reduced as soon as only 15 may be brought from one session to the other).
As you can see I'm not so bad against bad presidents, but try to be fast anyway, 
please!
No presidents will be sent away during the season unless asked by themselves.

-  Money (real money!):
This game costs 24000 Italian liras for the hole 11+1 sessions (free for Electronic-
Mail managers). This is probably only the cost of the stamps, as soon as if the 
letters will be heavy that will be 2000 liras each for Europe. I ask this money 
anticipately, please, just to keep the count! If you can send me Liras.

-  ...Some more:
-  Revealed informations: each match will show (besides the score and the 
scorers) for each team the formations (i.e. "4-2-4"), the number of shots and 
saves, booked, sent off and injured players, the weather condition.
-  The penalty taker will be chosen automatically as the best (after red cards and/or 
injuries).
-  Here's an example of a scout report:
I Pini          (2) : 15( 5) -  0     - 43       - 55( 7) - 21
Le Giuggiole    (1) : 10( 4) -  0     - 33( 1) - 45( 6) - 32( 1) CAT  TFG
The fist numbers in the brackets is the score, then there are the total values of 
each of the areas (Po, Li, Di, Ce, At), after all modifications (extra points, injuries, 
red cards, rain), near the extra points used (in the brackets).
-  Please, help me and write me your address on your letter or envelope each 
session...!
-  Obviously these rules may not be perfect, as I am not. Errors may happen and 
please tell me any ideas for a change or error reports!
-  All the calculations are rounded upwards.
-  The GM may sell club's players to the extern league if the club's economy is 
going below -1000 M.
-  All data sent by the managers to the GM is archivied for security and it's kept by 
the GM! Orders sheet are not sent back to the managers.

-  The Game Master (GM): 
The master's decision is always definitive; he's right even when he's wrong!

To end, thanx to everybody that helped in making and writing these rules. 
Obviously particular thanx to Alan Parr, Martin Burroughs and Massimo 
Monciardini.
